HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT RESUME

Youremail@gmail.com Phone
City, State LinkedIn URL, Website

Motivated student (3.6/4.0) who demonstrates strong work ethic and creative ability. Seeking to apply my
graphic design skills and artistic drive as a summer intern at your company. Will leverage proven experience
as a competent designer to contribute to company goals and needs.

EDUCATION

Santa Monica High School, Santa Monica, CA

Senior

= GPA: 3.6 / 4.0

. Relevant Coursework: Intro to Graphic Design, AP Art, Yearbook, Computer Applications
. Honors: Member of the National Honors Society and National Art Education Association

. Clubs: Yearbook Club, Santa Monica Newspaper, Spanish club

MAJOR ACHIEVEMENTS

Yearbook Club

Yearbook Design Team Lead 2015 - Present

. Created a Yearbook logo designed to incorporate school mascot and colors; opted to use coated paper
in 2016, which improved photo quality and increased profits by 5%

. Arrange all club photos and pages to correspond to yearbook theme

. Trained and supervised 2 sophomore students in graphic design

Santa Monica Newspaper

Graphic Designer 2015 - Present
. Procured advertising for school paper, saving organization 25% in costs

. Edited and curated photos used for school paper; increasing readership by 15%

. Custom design page layouts to fit articles, photos, and advertisements into strict format

. Contributed to school’s online publication by designing page layouts to accommodate mobile screens

ADDITIONAL SKILLS

. Proficient in Photoshop and Adobe Creative Suite

. Basic knowledge of HTML

. Basic knowledge of Adobe Dreamweaver

. Great photographer

. Keen eye for aesthetics with good understanding of image gradients
. Intermediate speaking level in Spanish

Awarps, Honors, AND HONORARY MENTIONS

. Nominated for Macmillan Prize for Illustration in 2016

. Submitted artwork to Ocean Awareness Student Art Contest 2016

. Came in 2na place in the Applied Arts 2016 Student Awards for submitting graphic design work under
the category of Advertising
